src/docs/conceptual-overview.mdx, before:

# Conceptual Overview

SnapMaster is a tool and framework for creating and running event-driven workflows.

## Snaps

*Snaps* are definitions of event-driven workflows.  Snaps have a *trigger* and a set of 
*actions* that are invoked when the trigger is fired. 

Snaps don't do anything until they are *activated*.  More on that later.

Snaps are described in YAML documents.  They are named using an {account}/{name} format. 
The `snapmaster` account contains a number of "starter" snaps - for example, 
`snapmaster/docker-slack`.  The *Gallery* contains a number of public snaps, including 
`snapmaster/docker-slack`, which has the following graphical representation:

![docker-slack](img/docker-slack.png)

The `snapmaster/docker-slack` snap has the following YAML representation:

![docker-slack-yaml](img/docker-slack-yaml.png)

## Parameters

Besides the trigger and actions, a snap can define *parameters*.  These are passed 
into the snap when it is *activated*, and make the snap reusable.  The 
`snapmaster/docker-slack` snap takes two parameters - the name of the docker repo, and 
the name of the slack channel.

## Config

The *config* section ties together the triggers and actions with their required arguments, 
and binds the input parameters into these arguments.  A trigger will have an *event* that 
it is fired on, and an action will have an *action* that it will perform.

In the `snapmaster/docker-slack` example, the trigger is named `docker-push`, is provided 
by the `docker` provider, takes the default account, is fired on the `push` event, and 
takes its `repo` argument from the `$repo` parameter that was passed in.

Similarly, the `slack-message` action is provided by the `slack` provider, takes the 
default workspace, uses the `send` action, takes the `channel` argument from the `$channel`
parameter passed in, and also parameterizes the `message` argument using the `$repo` 
parameter.

See the [snap reference](../snap-reference/snap-reference) for a complete description of 
the snap definition language.

## Tools

Tools are a collection point for *triggers*, *actions* and a place to store *credentials*.

Tools are also described using a YAML specification. For example, the `pagerduty` tool 
exposes both a trigger called `incident` which fires when a new PagerDuty incident is 
created, as well as an action called `create` which will create a new incident.

![snap-tools-get](img/snap-tools-get.png)

## Activating Snaps

Once all of the tools that a snap references are connected, a snap can be *activated*. This will create the webhook corresponding to the trigger, and when that webhook fires, 
the actions will be executed sequentially.

## Next steps

Login to SnapMaster and activate your first snap!

Commit message:

added security and credentials page

src/docs/conceptual-overview.mdx, after:

# Conceptual Overview

SnapMaster is a tool and framework for creating and running event-driven workflows.

## Snaps

*Snaps* are definitions of event-driven workflows.  Snaps have a *trigger* and a set of 
*actions* that are invoked when the trigger is fired. 

Snaps don't do anything until they are *activated*.  More on that later.

Snaps are described in YAML documents.  They are named using an {account}/{name} format. 
The `snapmaster` account contains a number of "starter" snaps - for example, 
`snapmaster/docker-slack`.  The *Gallery* contains a number of public snaps, including 
`snapmaster/docker-slack`, which has the following graphical representation:

![docker-slack](img/docker-slack.png)

The `snapmaster/docker-slack` snap has the following YAML representation:

![docker-slack-yaml](img/docker-slack-yaml.png)

## Parameters

Besides the trigger and actions, a snap can define *parameters*.  These are passed 
into the snap when it is *activated*, and make the snap reusable.  The 
`snapmaster/docker-slack` snap takes two parameters - the name of the docker repo, and 
the name of the slack channel.

## Config

The *config* section ties together the triggers and actions with their required arguments, 
and binds the input parameters into these arguments.  A trigger will have an *event* that 
it is fired on, and an action will have an *action* that it will perform.

In the `snapmaster/docker-slack` example, the trigger is named `docker-push`, is provided 
by the `docker` provider, takes the default account, is fired on the `push` event, and 
takes its `repo` argument from the `$repo` parameter that was passed in.

Similarly, the `slack-message` action is provided by the `slack` provider, takes the 
default workspace, uses the `send` action, takes the `channel` argument from the `$channel`
parameter passed in, and also parameterizes the `message` argument using the `$repo` 
parameter.

See the [snap reference](../snap-reference/snap-reference) for a complete description of 
the snap definition language.

## Tools

Tools are a collection point for *triggers*, *actions* and a place to store *credentials*.

Tools are also described using a YAML specification. For example, the `pagerduty` tool 
exposes both a trigger called `incident` which fires when a new PagerDuty incident is 
created, as well as an action called `create` which will create a new incident.

![snap-tools-get](img/snap-tools-get.png)

## Credentials

Credentials for tools are encrypted with a per-user key and securely 
stored in a secret store.  Refer to the [security and credentials](security-and-credentials) 
section to read more about SnapMaster's security model.

## Activating Snaps

Once all of the tools that a snap references are connected, a snap can be *activated*. This will create the webhook corresponding to the trigger, and when that webhook fires, 
the actions will be executed sequentially.  Refer to the section on 
[activating your first snap](getting-started/activating-first-snap) to learn more.

## Next steps

Login to SnapMaster and activate your first snap!
